Revising terminology entry for deterministic builds (#2074)
risc0/risc0: website/docs/terminology.md

### Deterministic Builds

A compilation process is called "deterministic" (or "reproducible") if it reliably produces the same binary file, on a byte-by-byte level.

> In the context of RISC Zero application development, deterministic builds are necessary to ensure a clear linkage between the [guest program] and the resulting [ImageID].

Reviewer: I'd recommend clarifying this to be in reference to the source code, because I first read this as referring to the ELF, from which there is already a deterministic translation to an image ID. (Also, in prose, I feel like there should be a space in "Image ID")
```suggestion
In the context of RISC Zero application development, deterministic builds are necessary to ensure a clear linkage between the source code for [guest program] and the resulting [Image ID].
```

Author: ```suggestion
In the context of RISC Zero application development, deterministic builds are necessary to ensure a clear linkage between the source code for the [guest program] and the resulting [Image ID][ImageID].
```
